chore(docs): migrate cloud docs to dotcom(1) (#36452)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/reference/cloud/hosting-and-data-source-integrations.md

---
title: "Hosting and Data Source Integrations"

> description: "Review the various hosting and CMS platforms available for integration on Gatsby Cloud"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn about the various hosting and CMS platforms available for integration on Gatsby Cloud"
```
